Madam, you also understand the situation of the president
It is indeed amnesia, how can I restore my memory?
Doctor says CEO needs proper emotional stimulation
But the old lady is afraid that the president will have another accident.
Just refused
emotional stimulation
Auntie, I will definitely restore your memory.
Wait for me.
If the lady knows that the president is decorating
Can the president say
It seems that someone needs to re-investigate.
What kind of emotion can stimulate the answer?
Happy Holidays
I am very fortunate
On that starry night
Met you
Do you remember
Starry night
No, now.
Wait until we cook the raw rice into cooked rice
See how you refuse me
It's Brother Ye's phone.
Auntie, the stars are beautiful tonight
I was at the news park gate where we first met you
Help you recover your lost memories
Song Nianyi, you sent it to your door yourself